IBX-2325: Expand new product catalog documentation (#1544)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/public_php_api_search.md

|[`LocationSearchHitAdapter`](https://github.com/ibexa/core/blob/main/src/lib/Pagination/Pagerfanta/LocationSearchHitAdapter.php)|Makes a Location search against passed Query and  returns [SearchHit](https://github.com/ibexa/core/blob/main/src/contracts/Repository/Values/Content/Search/SearchHit.php) objects instead.|
|[`ContentFilteringAdapter`](https://github.com/ibexa/core/blob/main/src/lib/Pagination/Pagerfanta/ContentFilteringAdapter.php)|Applies a Content filter and returns a `ContentList` object.|
|[`LocationFilteringAdapter`](https://github.com/ibexa/core/blob/main/src/lib/Pagination/Pagerfanta/LocationFilteringAdapter.php)|Applies a Location filter and returns a `LocationList` object.|
|`AttributeDefinitionListAdapter`| Makes a search for product attributes and returns an `AttributeDefinitionListInterface` object. |
|`AttributeGroupListAdapter`| Makes a search for product attribute groups and returns an `AttributeGroupListInterface` object. |

> |`CurrencyListAdapter`| Makes a search for currencies and returns a list of currencies. |

Reviewer: `\Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Values\Currency\CurrencyListInterface` is returned here. Therefore:

```suggestion
|`CurrencyListAdapter`| Makes a search for currencies and returns a `CurrencyListInterface` object.
```

Although it has to be said, that the fact that a specific object type is returned is by no means guaranteed - for Pagerfanta pagination all that is important really is that it will be an iterable list of certain type of objects.

The fact that it is represented by such list object is an implementation detail.

Author: The whole table lists returned objects, so that should probably be removed for all, outside this PR

|`CustomPricesAdapter`| Makes a search for custom prices and returns a `CustomPrice` object. |

> |`CustomerGroupListAdapter`| Makes a search for customer groups and returns an `CustomerGroupListInterface` object. |
> |`ProductListAdapter`| Makes a search for products and returns an `ProductListInterface` object. |
> |`ProductTypeListAdapter`| Makes a search for product types and returns an `ProductTypeListInterface` object. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`CustomerGroupListAdapter`| Makes a search for customer groups and returns a `CustomerGroupListInterface` object. |
|`ProductListAdapter`| Makes a search for products and returns a `ProductListInterface` object. |
|`ProductTypeListAdapter`| Makes a search for product types and returns a `ProductTypeListInterface` object. |
```

> |`RegionListAdapter`| Makes a search for regions and returns a list of regions. |

Reviewer: As above, `\Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Values\Region\RegionListInterface` is returned here.

```suggestion
|`RegionListAdapter`| Makes a search for regions and returns a `RegionListInterface` object. |
```
